PLAN.md, before:

# Plan for development

## Tasks

- [x] Describe initial plan
- [x] Write simple code to scrape one piece of information
- [x] Render one piece of information in a simple web page
- [x] Locate forecast data using HTML structure rather than a regex
- [x] Deploy the simple application
- [x] Fix the URL
- [x] Work out why Claude config isn't being picked up (commit authoring)
- [x] Add desktop notifictions to Claude config
- [x] Add tests
- [x] "100%" code coverage
- [x] Add code formating with ruff
- [x] Scrape the latest inshore waters forecast for "Lyme Regis to Lands End" sea area and display it on the page
- [x] Fix problem with git conflicts in docs/index.html when we change locally and the workflow runs remotely
- [x] Link to ECMWF pressure chart
- [x] Change all dates/times displayed on the page so they say today/yesterday/tomorrow and use daylight saving times (but don't bother to mention the timezone)
- [x] Change "24 hour forecast" and "following 24 hours" in the inshore waters forecast to use the same format as the rest of the page
- [x] Remove all fallback logic
- [x] Replace ECMWF page fetching with headless browser
- [x] Workflow is failing on GitHub
- [x] Run the workflow every ten minutes
- [x] Add links to locations in Google Maps
- [x] Open all links in the same browser tab, not a new one
- [x] Correct for limited location resolution in ECMWF forecasts

## Current task

### Goal

Commit message:

Add comprehensive deployment commands
- Add 'just deploy' for full deployment: pull, push, trigger workflow
- Add 'just check-deployment' for status monitoring with detailed view
- Add 'just watch-deployment' for real-time progress monitoring
- Add 'just deployment-logs' for viewing full workflow logs
- Add 'just deploy-dry-run' for safe testing
- Update CLAUDE.md to specify commit and deploy after task completion
- All commands tested and working with GitHub CLI integration

PLAN.md, after:

# Plan for development

## Tasks

- [x] Describe initial plan
- [x] Write simple code to scrape one piece of information
- [x] Render one piece of information in a simple web page
- [x] Locate forecast data using HTML structure rather than a regex
- [x] Deploy the simple application
- [x] Fix the URL
- [x] Work out why Claude config isn't being picked up (commit authoring)
- [x] Add desktop notifictions to Claude config
- [x] Add tests
- [x] "100%" code coverage
- [x] Add code formating with ruff
- [x] Scrape the latest inshore waters forecast for "Lyme Regis to Lands End" sea area and display it on the page
- [x] Fix problem with git conflicts in docs/index.html when we change locally and the workflow runs remotely
- [x] Link to ECMWF pressure chart
- [x] Change all dates/times displayed on the page so they say today/yesterday/tomorrow and use daylight saving times (but don't bother to mention the timezone)
- [x] Change "24 hour forecast" and "following 24 hours" in the inshore waters forecast to use the same format as the rest of the page
- [x] Remove all fallback logic
- [x] Replace ECMWF page fetching with headless browser
- [x] Workflow is failing on GitHub
- [x] Run the workflow every ten minutes
- [x] Add links to locations in Google Maps
- [x] Open all links in the same browser tab, not a new one
- [x] Correct for limited location resolution in ECMWF forecasts
- [x] Add a Just command for deploying: pull, push, run the workflow, check it's working

## Current task

### Goal
